.TH CORE_SERVER "1" "June 2014" "core_server" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
core_server - The primary server for SpamBayes.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Currently serves the web interface only.  Plugging in listeners for various
protocols is TBD.  This is a first cut at creating a standalone server which
uses a plugin architecture to support different protocols.  The primary
motivation is that web apps like MoinMoin, Trac and Roundup can use spam
detection, but they don't necessarily provide the mechanisms necessary to
save ham and spam databases for retraining.  By providing protocol plugins
you should be able to fairly easily provide (for example) an XML\-RPC
interface web apps can use.  The core server takes care of all the training
bells and whistles.
.PP
Usage:
.IP
core_server.py [options]
.IP
options:
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
: Displays this help message.
.IP
\fB\-P\fR module :
.IP
Identify plugin module to use (required)
.IP
\fB\-d\fR FILE : use the named DBM database file
\fB\-p\fR FILE : the the named Pickle database file
\fB\-u\fR port : User interface listens on this port number
.IP
(default 8880; Browse http://localhost:8880/)
.TP
\fB\-b\fR
: Launch a web browser showing the user interface.
.IP
\fB\-o\fR section:option:value :
.IP
set [section, option] in the options database
to value
.IP
All command line arguments and switches take their default
values from the [html_ui] section of bayescustomize.ini.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation for
.B option
is maintained as a Texinfo manual.  If the
.B info
and
.B option
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B info option
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.
