.TH SB_BNFILTER "1" "June 2014" "sb_bnfilter" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
sb_bnfilter - a similar interface and purpose to sb_filter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B %(program)s
[\fIoptions\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Usage: %(program)s [options]
.SS "Where:"
.HP
\fB\-h\fR
.IP
show usage and exit
.PP
*   \fB\-f\fR
.IP
filter (default if no processing options are given)
.PP
*   \fB\-g\fR
.IP
[EXPERIMENTAL] (re)train as a good (ham) message
.PP
*   \fB\-s\fR
.IP
[EXPERIMENTAL] (re)train as a bad (spam) message
.PP
*   \fB\-t\fR
.IP
[EXPERIMENTAL] filter and train based on the result \fB\-\-\fR you must
make sure to untrain all mistakes later.  Not recommended.
.PP
*   \fB\-G\fR
.IP
[EXPERIMENTAL] untrain ham (only use if you've already trained
this message)
.PP
*   \fB\-S\fR
.IP
[EXPERIMENTAL] untrain spam (only use if you've already trained
this message)
.HP
\fB\-k\fR FILE
.IP
Unix domain socket used to communicate with a short\-lived server
process. Default is ~/.sbbnsock\-<hostname>
.IP
These options will not take effect when connecting to a preloaded server:
.HP
\fB\-p\fR FILE
.TP
use pickle FILE as the persistent store.
loads data from this file
.IP
if it exists, and saves data to this file at the end.
.HP
\fB\-d\fR FILE
.IP
use DBM store FILE as the persistent store.
.HP
\fB\-o\fR section:option:value
.IP
set [section, option] in the options database to value
.HP
\fB\-a\fR seconds
.IP
timeout in seconds between requests before this server terminates
.HP
\fB\-A\fR number
.IP
terminate this server after this many requests
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation for
.B option
is maintained as a Texinfo manual.  If the
.B info
and
.B option
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B info option
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.
