.TH SPAMBAYES "1" "June 2014" "SpamBayes Command Line Filter Version 1.1b1 (February, 25, 2011)" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
SpamBayes - A hammie front-end to make the simple stuff simple. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sb_filter
[\fIoptions\fR] [\fIfilenames\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
SpamBayes Command Line Filter Version 1.1b1 (February, 25, 2011)
.SS "Options can one or more of:"
.HP
\fB\-h\fR
.IP
show usage and exit
.HP
\fB\-v\fR
.IP
show version and exit
.HP
\fB\-x\fR
.IP
show some usage examples and exit
.HP
\fB\-d\fR DBFILE
.IP
use database in DBFILE
.HP
\fB\-p\fR PICKLEFILE
.IP
use pickle (instead of database) in PICKLEFILE
.HP
\fB\-n\fR
.IP
create a new database
.PP
*   \fB\-f\fR
.IP
filter (default if no processing options are given)
.PP
*   \fB\-g\fR
.IP
(re)train as a good (ham) message
.PP
*   \fB\-s\fR
.IP
(re)train as a bad (spam) message
.PP
*   \fB\-t\fR
.IP
filter and train based on the result \fB\-\-\fR you must
make sure to untrain all mistakes later.  Not recommended.
.PP
*   \fB\-G\fR
.IP
untrain ham (only use if you've already trained this message)
.PP
*   \fB\-S\fR
.IP
untrain spam (only use if you've already trained this message)
.HP
\fB\-o\fR section:option:value
.IP
set [section, option] in the options database to value
.HP
\fB\-P\fR
.IP
Run under control of the Python profiler, if it is available
.PP
All options marked with '*' operate on stdin, and write the resultant
message to stdout.
.PP
If no filenames are given on the command line, standard input will be
processed as a single message.  If one or more filenames are given on the
command line, each will be processed according to the following rules:
.IP
* If the filename is '\-', standard input will be processed as a single
.IP
message (may only be usefully given once).
.IP
* If the filename starts with '+' it will be processed as an MH folder.
.IP
* If the filename is a directory and it contains a subdirectory named
.IP
\&'cur', it will be processed as a Maildir.
.IP
* If the filename is a directory and it contains a subdirectory named
.IP
\&'Mail', it will be processed as an MH Mailbox.
.IP
* If the filename is a directory and not a Maildir nor an MH Mailbox, it
.IP
will be processed as a Mailbox directory consisting of just .txt and
\&.lorien files.
.IP
* Otherwise, the filename is treated as a Unix\-style mailbox (messages
.IP
begin on a line starting with 'From ').
.PP
Output is always to standard output as a Unix\-style mailbox.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation for
.B SpamBayes
is maintained as a Texinfo manual.  If the
.B info
and
.B SpamBayes
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B info SpamBayes
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.
