.TH SB_MBOXTRAIN "1" "June 2014" "sb_mboxtrain" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
sb_mboxtrain - Train spambayes on all previously-untrained messages in a mailbox. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sb_mboxtrain
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Usage: /usr/bin/sb_mboxtrain [OPTIONS] ...
.SS "Where OPTIONS is one or more of:"
.HP
\fB\-h\fR
.IP
show usage and exit
.HP
\fB\-d\fR DBNAME
.TP
use the DBM store.
A DBM file is larger than the pickle and
.IP
creating it is slower, but loading it is much faster,
especially for large word databases.  Recommended for use with
sb_filter or any procmail\-based filter.
.HP
\fB\-p\fR DBNAME
.TP
use the pickle store.
A pickle is smaller and faster to create,
.TP
but much slower to load.
Recommended for use with sb_server and
.IP
sb_xmlrpcserver.
.HP
\fB\-g\fR PATH
.IP
mbox or directory of known good messages (non\-spam) to train on.
Can be specified more than once.
.HP
\fB\-s\fR PATH
.IP
mbox or directory of known spam messages to train on.
Can be specified more than once.
.HP
\fB\-f\fR
.TP
force training, ignoring the trained header.
Use this if you
.IP
need to rebuild your database from scratch.
.HP
\fB\-q\fR
.IP
quiet mode; no output
.TP
\fB\-n\fR
train mail residing in "new" directory, in addition to "cur"
directory, which is always trained (Maildir only)
.TP
\fB\-r\fR
remove mail which was trained on (Maildir only)
.HP
\fB\-o\fR section:option:value
.IP
set [section, option] in the options database to value
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation for
.B option
is maintained as a Texinfo manual.  If the
.B info
and
.B option
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B info option
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.
