.TH SB_SERVER "1" "June 2014" "sb_server" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
sb_server - The primary server for SpamBayes.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Currently serves the web interface, and any configured POP3 and SMTP
proxies.
.PP
The POP3 proxy works with classifier.py, and adds a simple
X\-Spambayes\-Classification header (ham/spam/unsure) to each incoming
email.  You point the proxy at your POP3 server, and configure your
email client to collect mail from the proxy then filter on the added
header.  Usage:
.IP
sb_server.py [options] [<server> [<server port>]]
.IP
<server> is the name of your real POP3 server
<port>   is the port number of your real POP3 server, which
.IP
defaults to 110.
.IP
options:
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
: Displays this help message.
.IP
\fB\-d\fR FILE : use the named DBM database file
\fB\-p\fR FILE : the the named Pickle database file
\fB\-l\fR port : proxy listens on this port number (default 110)
\fB\-u\fR port : User interface listens on this port number
.IP
(default 8880; Browse http://localhost:8880/)
.TP
\fB\-b\fR
: Launch a web browser showing the user interface.
.IP
\fB\-o\fR section:option:value :
.IP
set [section, option] in the options database
to value
.IP
All command line arguments and switches take their default
values from the [pop3proxy] and [html_ui] sections of
bayescustomize.ini.
.PP
For safety, and to help debugging, the whole POP3 conversation is
written out to _pop3proxy.log for each run, if
options["globals", "verbose"] is True.
.PP
To make rebuilding the database easier, uploaded messages are appended
to _pop3proxyham.mbox and _pop3proxyspam.mbox.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation for
.B option
is maintained as a Texinfo manual.  If the
.B info
and
.B option
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B info option
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.
